Revamp SCI Docs with GitLab, ADO, and PR Comments Content (#30586)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/source-code-integration.md

Repositories from GitLab instances are supported in closed Preview. Repositories from GitLab instances are supported for both GitLab.com (SaaS) and GitLab Self-Managed/Dedicated (On-Prem). For GitLab Self-Managed, your instance must be accessible from the internet. If needed, you can allowlist <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/ip-ranges/">Datadog's <code>webhooks</code> IP addresses</a> to allow Datadog to connect to your instance. <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/product-preview/gitlab-source-code-integration/">Join the Preview</a>.
</div>

Install Datadog's [GitLab Source Code integration][101] using the [GitLab Source Code integration tile][102] or as part of various products' onboarding pages to allow Datadog to connect to your GitLab repositories.

[101]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/gitlab-source-code/
[102]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/gitlab-source-code/

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Azure DevOps (SaaS Only)" %}}

<div class="alert alert-warning">
Repositories from Azure DevOps are supported in closed Preview. <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/product-preview/azure-devops-integration-code-security/">Join the Preview</a>.
</div>

> Install Datadog's Azure DevOps Source Code integration while onboarding to [Datadog Code Security][101]. This integration's functionality is currently limited to Code Security.

Reviewer: Avoiding temporal wording:
```suggestion
Install Datadog's Azure DevOps Source Code integration while onboarding to [Datadog Code Security][101]. This integration's functionality is limited to Code Security.
```

For unsupported languages, use the `git.commit.sha` and `git.repository_url` tags to link data to a specific commit. Ensure that the `git.repository_url` tag does not contain protocols. For example, if your repository URL is `https://github.com/example/repo`, the value for the `git.repository_url` tag should be `github.com/example/repo`.

## Usage

### Links to Git providers & code snippets

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Error Tracking" %}}
You can see links from stack frames to their source repository in [Error Tracking][1].

1. Navigate to [**APM** > **Error Tracking**][2].
2. Click on an issue. The **Issue Details** panel appears on the right.

> 3. Under **Latest Event**, if you're using the GitHub or GitLab integrations, click **Connect to preview** on stack frames. You can see inline code snippets directly in the stack trace. Otherwise, you can always click the **View** button on the right of a frame or select **View file**, **View Git blame**, or **View commit** to be redirected to your source code management tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under **Latest Event**, if you're using the GitHub or GitLab integrations, click **Connect to preview** on stack frames. You can see inline code snippets directly in the stack trace. Otherwise, you can click the **View** button on the right of a frame or select **View file**, **View Git blame**, or **View commit** to be redirected to your source code management tool.
```

1. Navigate to [**APM** > **Profile Search**][2].
2. Hover your cursor over a method in the flame graph.
3. If needed, press `Opt` or `Alt` to enable the preview.

> 4. If you're using the GitHub or GitLab integrations, click **Connect to preview** so you can see inline code snippets directly in the flame graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If you're using the GitHub or GitLab integrations, click **Connect to preview** to see inline code snippets directly in the flame graph.
```

1. Navigate to [**Infrastructure** > **Serverless**][101] and click on the **AWS** tab.
2. Click on a Lambda function and click the **Open Trace** button for an invocation with an associated stack trace.

> 3. If you're using the GitHub or GitLab integrations, click **Connect to preview** on stack frames. You can see inline code snippets directly in the stack trace. Otherwise, you can always click the **View** button on the right of a frame or select **View file**, **View Git blame**, or **View commit** to be redirected to your source code management tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you're using the GitHub or GitLab integrations, click **Connect to preview** on stack frames. You can see inline code snippets directly in the stack trace. Otherwise, you can click the **View** button on the right of a frame or select **View file**, **View Git blame**, or **View commit** to be redirected to your source code management tool.
```

You can see links from failed test runs to their source repository in **Test Optimization**.

1. Navigate to [**Software Delivery** > **Test Optimization** > **Test Runs**][101] and select a failed test run.

> 2. If you're using the GitHub or GitLab integrations, click **Connect to preview** on stack frames. You can see inline code snippets directly in the stack trace. Otherwise, you can always click the **View** button on the right of a frame or select **View file**, **View Git blame**, or **View commit** to be redirected to your source code management tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you're using the GitHub or GitLab integrations, click **Connect to preview** on stack frames. You can see inline code snippets directly in the stack trace. Otherwise, you can click the **View** button on the right of a frame or select **View file**, **View Git blame**, or **View commit** to be redirected to your source code management tool.
```

You can see links from failed Static Analysis and Software Composition Analysis scans to their source repository in **Code Security**.

1. Navigate to [**Software Delivery** > **Code Security**][101] and select a repository.

> 2. In the **Code Vulnerabilities** or **Code Quality** view, click on a code vulnerability or violation. In the **Details** section, if you're using the GitHub or GitLab integrations, click **Connect to preview**. You can see inline code snippets highlighting the exact lines of code that triggered the vulnerability or violation. Otherwise, you can always click the **View** button on the right of a frame or select **View file**, **View Git blame**, or **View commit** to be redirected to your source code management tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Code Vulnerabilities** or **Code Quality** view, click on a code vulnerability or violation. In the **Details** section, if you're using the GitHub or GitLab integrations, click **Connect to preview**. You can see inline code snippets highlighting the exact lines of code that triggered the vulnerability or violation. Otherwise, you can click the **View** button on the right of a frame or select **View file**, **View Git blame**, or **View commit** to be redirected to your source code management tool.
```

1. Navigate to [**Security** > **App and API Protection**][101] and select a security signal.
2. Scroll down to the **Traces** section on the **Related Signals** tab and click on an associated stack trace.

> 3. If you're using the GitHub or GitLab integrations, click **Connect to preview** on stack frames. You can see inline code snippets directly in the stack trace. Otherwise, you can always click the **View** button on the right of a frame or select **View file**, **View Git blame**, or **View commit** to be redirected to your source code management tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you're using the GitHub or GitLab integrations, click **Connect to preview** on stack frames. You can see inline code snippets directly in the stack trace. Otherwise, you can click the **View** button on the right of a frame or select **View file**, **View Git blame**, or **View commit** to be redirected to your source code management tool.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### PR comments

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "CI Visibility" %}}

> Enabled by default if the GitHub or GitLab integrations are installed correctly, you will recieve a comment summarizing the failed jobs detected in your pull request. 
> 
> {{< img src="integrations/guide/source_code_integration/ci-visibility-pr-comment.png" alt="PR Comment summarizing failed jobs detected by CI Visibility" style="width:100%;">}}
> 
> To disable PR Comments for CI Visibility, head to the [CI Visibility Repository Settings][101].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CI Visibility comments are enabled by default if the GitHub or GitLab integration is installed correctly. The integration posts a comment summarizing the failed jobs detected in your pull request. 

{{< img src="integrations/guide/source_code_integration/ci-visibility-pr-comment.png" alt="PR Comment summarizing failed jobs detected by CI Visibility" style="width:100%;">}}

To disable PR comments for CI Visibility, go to the [CI Visibility Repository Settings][101].
```

[101]: https://app.datadoghq.com/ci/settings/ci-visibility

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Code Security" %}}

> Enabled by default if the GitHub, GitLab, or Azure DevOps integrations are installed correctly, you will recieve two types of comments on your pull requests: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code Security comments are enabled by default if the GitHub, GitLab, or Azure DevOps integration is installed correctly. The integration posts two types of comments on your pull requests: 
```

1. A single comment summarizing the new violations detected in your pull request. 

{{< img src="integrations/guide/source_code_integration/code-security-summary-pr-comment.png" alt="PR Comment summarizing the new violations detected by Code Security" style="width:100%;">}}

2. Inline comments for each violation detected in your pull request placed directly on the lines of code that triggered the violation in the diff of the pull request.

{{< img src="integrations/guide/source_code_integration/code-security-inline-pr-comment.png" alt="Inline comment for a specific violation detected by Code Security" style="width:100%;">}}

> To disable PR Comments for Code Security, head to the [Code Security Repository Settings][101].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable PR comments for Code Security, go to the [Code Security Repository Settings][101].
```

[101]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/code-security/settings

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Test Optimization" %}}

> Enabled by default if the GitHub or GitLab integrations are installed correctly, you will recieve a comment summarizing the failed and flaky tests detected in your pull request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test Optimization comments are enabled by default if the GitHub or GitLab integration is installed correctly. The integration posts a comment summarizing the failed and flaky tests detected in your pull request. 
```

{{< img src="integrations/guide/source_code_integration/test-optimization-pr-comment.png" alt="PR Comment summarizing failed and flaky tests detected by Test Optimization" style="width:100%;">}}

> To disable PR Comments for Test Optimization, head to the [Test Optimization Advanced Features Settings][101].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable PR comments for Test Optimization, go to the [Test Optimization Advanced Features Settings][101].
```
